docs: add documentation for writing plugins using Maven JAR (#169)
apache/apisix-java-plugin-runner: docs/en/latest/writing-filters.md

            </plugin>
        </plugins>
    </build>
</project>
```

In the Java main class, include the line
```
@SpringBootApplication(scanBasePackages = {"your-filter's-package-name","org.apache.apisix.plugin.runner"})
```
*scanBasePackages* allows Spring Boot to read the *@Component* classes that exist inside of the Maven JAR along with the implemented Java filter.

An example main class looks like
```
package com.example.demo;

import org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication;
import org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.SpringBootApplication;

@SpringBootApplication(scanBasePackages = {"com.example.demo","org.apache.apisix.plugin.runner"})
public class DemoApplication {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        SpringApplication.run(DemoApplication.class, args);
    }

}
```

In *~/src/main/resources/application.properties*, add
```
socket.file = /tmp/runner.sock
```
This allows our java-plugin-runner to communicate with the main APISIX process.

Finally, build your Java plugin! Be sure to label each filter class as a Spring *@Component* while following the guide at:
https://github.com/apache/apisix-java-plugin-runner/blob/main/docs/en/latest/development.md

> 

Reviewer: Only one blank line should be left at the end

<!--
#
# Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
# contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
# this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
# The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
# (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
# the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
#     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.
#
-->

# Overview

This document explains how to develop Java plugins using apisix-java-plugin-runner's official Maven release.

A Demo Project can be found at: https://github.com/ericluoliu/java-plugin-runner-demo

___

Create a new Maven Spring Boot Project.

> Add the apisix-java-plugin-runner Maven release as a dependency

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the GAV of `apisix-java-plugin-runner` in `pom.xml`.
```

```
#TODO: needs to be changed once once official java-plugin-runner release is on Maven

> <dependency>
>     <groupId>io.github.ericluoliu</groupId> 
>     <artifactId>apisix-runner-starter</artifactId>
>     <version>0.5.0</version>
> </dependency>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<dependency>
    <groupId>org.apache.apisix</groupId> 
    <artifactId>apisix-runner-starter</artifactId>
    <version>0.3.0</version>
</dependency>
```
